chore(multi-region): add operational simplification from Zeebe 8.6. (#4205)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/concepts/multi-region/dual-region.md

> 

Author: okay, now I understand what you mean about having suggestions on readability.
I'd suggest doing this in a separate PR decoupled from this topic, so DevEx and others can properly review your suggestions.

  - Role Based Access Control (RBAC) does not work.
- Optimize is not supported.
  - This is due to Optimize depending on Identity to work.

> - Connectors can be deployed alongside but ensure to understand idempotency based on [the described documentation](../../../components/connectors/use-connectors/inbound.md#creating-the-connector-event).

Reviewer: Could this be more declarative regarding support?

```suggestion
- Connectors are supported, but may require special considerations regarding [idempotency](../../../components/connectors/use-connectors/inbound.md#creating-the-connector-event).
```
It's not clear to me from the linked documentation why idempotency would be more of a concern in this setup, but that may be my lack of familiarity. Is it _always_ a concern in this setup? Should they always use the message start event element? Some clarity here would be great.

Author: I don't want to use the word "supported" atm since we have an extra ticket to actually create tests / manifest adjustments etc. to officially support it.
It's just that it isn't a limitation anymore but can be done under premise to understand message idempotency.

I've added a subsentence on why it's important.
TL;DR - multiple connectors instances + message idempotency = no duplicated events.
Without it = may end up triggering things multiple times.
Same applies to a single region setup, just that in multi-region by default we have two connector instances.

Reviewer: This works for me then. 👍 The additional messaging helps!

For Zeebe the **RPO** is **0**.

> For Operate and Tasklist the **RPO** is **0**.

Reviewer 2: Can be combined with the previous sentence.

The **RTO** can be considered for the **failover** and **failback** procedures, both resulting in a functional state.

- **failover** has an **RTO** of **< 1** minute to restore a functional state, excluding DNS considerations.

> - **failback** has an **RTO** of **5 + X** minutes to restore a functional state. Where X is the time it takes to back up and restore Elasticsearch, which is highly dependent on the setup and chosen [Elasticsearch backup type](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshots-register-repository.html#ess-repo-types).

Reviewer 2: :question: What is the reason for 5m?

Author: I took the estimate from our automated tests for the procedure and comes mostly from installing C8.
First install of C8 and waiting for Elastic to be ready is roughly 2-3 minutes.
Later installing Operate / Tasklist is another minute.
In-between are the steps that need to be taken when automated of roughly a minute. (It's automated, so a manual execution will even take longer).

Author: Since RTO contains the time to recover as well, it's roughly 5 minutes from my side.
I'm open to other suggestions if you think it should be more or less.

Reviewer 2: Thanks. I'm wondering if we have to specify the 5 minutes. Can we say it in general that it depends on the ES backup and restore + some additional time that needs to install and start C8 components in the new region? 5 minutes seems arbitrary and can also depends on whether it is manual, automated etc.

Author: I get your point about the arbitrary number, but we had before 25-30 minutes.
Just saying it takes whatever time for Backup and whatever time for Install sounds very fuzzy and questionable on why it can't be pinpoint.
I mean Elastic + WebApps have health checks in place, that's why there is a guaranteed lower bound anyway.
Sure there are more factors that can play in but I feel like giving 0 guidance is even less useful.

How about we rephase it to:

> - **failback** has an **RTO** of **5 + X** minutes to restore a functional state. Where X is the time it takes to back up and restore Elasticsearch, which is highly dependent on the setup and chosen [Elasticsearch backup type](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshots-register-repository.html#ess-repo-types).
During our automated tests, the reinstallation and reconfiguration of Camunda 8 takes 5 minutes. This can serve as a general guideline for the time required, though your experience may vary depending on your available resources and familiarity with the operational procedure.

Reviewer 2: The rephrase sounds good to me. :+1:

> - **failback** has an **RTO** of **5 + X** minutes to restore a functional state. Where X is the time it takes to back up and restore Elasticsearch, which is highly dependent on the setup and chosen [Elasticsearch backup type](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshots-register-repository.html#ess-repo-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **failback** has an **RTO** of **5 + X** minutes to restore a functional state, where X is the time it takes to back up and restore Elasticsearch. This timing is highly dependent on the setup and chosen [Elasticsearch backup type](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshots-register-repository.html#ess-repo-types).
```
